Such procedure is not possible as a terrible.
Similar one they were charged against with their Francis Carr.
My chiefs of staff, Ian Moon, who's head of the subversive squad for the FBI until the night before he came with my command.
It has now been established by the testimony of the two principals, Mr. Adams, Mr. Stevens.
That Mr. Carr is guilty of nothing except for a man in silence when the Carpian Cone were talking.
I think the committee is a kind of a both-major Carpian, Mr. Cone.
I don't think it's a crime to be unable to go into word over time.
That seems to be the only crime Mr. Carr is guilty of.
A very serious charge against this young man.
I think we must find out who initiated that, who's responsible for it.
If they fraud upon the committee, however responsible is guilty of contempt for this committee.
May I just take a minute to not review the testimony of the department of Mr. Cone is concerned.
The testimony of Mr. Adams and Mr. Stevens up to this point is that he used strong language,
but the only act he was guilty of, two acts and were one he made Mr. Adams take a cab to go to the people.
He was a whitey-mote in New York, whitey-mote in the car.
Number two, he was unable to induce me to call off the subpoenas for the loyalty board.
Outside of that, there's the no-touch-wony-viny improv act in Mr. Cone's part.
I think it's a very serious charge here to try and rob this young man of his reputation.
The young man who has tremendous record as the committee owner knows,
record of taking an active part in the conviction of the Rosenbergs,
the Communist Espionage Agency,
of the top communist who are convicted, William Ramington,
and presenting almost single-handed one.
The testimony of the grand jury, which resulted in discharge of some 30 odd,
I believe, from the United Nations and Communists.
For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I think it is of the utmost importance that this order be resundant.
Unless it is resundant, my hands are completely tied.
There is no way that I can win over the question of murder.
As the chair knows, and clearly as they list, as the chair well knows,
I have taken the position, trying to again, that this castle was called out,
and a being by individuals who wanted to discontinue the exposure of Communists in government,
and avoid the exposure of those responsible for the cobbling of those commas.
Whoever had that in mind was successful because, as the chair knows,
we haven't been doing anything for the past few weeks,
except going to the express new shine, the shoes.
But I think we have a situation much more important now.
I think the committee will want to know who was responsible for the planning, the guiding of this activity,
which resulted in a vast waste of time in the part of this committee,
and the military summacies I approve of the chair, someone getting in touch with the president.
And I think that he is a reasonable man, trying to induce him to resund this order so that he can proceed with our hearings,
and follow the, to the matter of days or weeks I frankly don't care.
Senator, time has expired as any other member of the committee,
I want to say anything further before we vote.
We have before us the two propositions, and the vote will occur on the substitute proposition for the chair,
would like to say only this before the vote is stated,
since it seems that he has been singled out by virtue of his office,
to make the contract, to try to find out if we can develop a formula of procedure,
which will enable us to get the facts we want and the facts we need, despite the executive order.
He pleads with his colleagues to give him at least a reasonable amount of time,
so that there can be a reasonable chance for success,
because I think we all want the hearings to continue,
and we want to get out all the facts.
To do that, I feel that it would be utterly unreasonable to expect to have all of the various ramifications adequately considered,
shortly, certainly, of several days, and the 24 hours would be locally inadequate,
and made the chair say fine.
Neither of these motions, the one to recess for a day until 10 o'clock Wednesday,
or the one to recess until 10 o'clock Monday, even remotely implied,
a discontinuation of the hearings.
There was nothing in either of them which says that the hearing is open.
Both of them are directed to the objective of trying to find some notice up or running,
by which we can continue and to get out all of the facts.
All right, chairman.
Senator Simon.
Mr. Chairman, if I agree with your premise,
that the hearings could not go along,
when other army witnesses fly out towards the decision which presumably could be expedited,
it made it all, then I would be very glad to extend the time in order to do what a firm
to you wish to do, namely take this matter up with the White House.
But in as much as I do not agree with your premise that the hearing can go along properly,
until the decision is made, and if it is to be made, I agree that it will be made soon.
Therefore, I believe the hearings should go along with other army witnesses.
And you have a senator going to be here before we vote?
If not, the question occurs first on the substitute offered by Senator Jackson,
and seconded by Senator McClellan, that we recess until 10 o'clock Wednesday morning.
Those in favor of the respond by answering aye. Senator McClellan.
Aye.
Senator Durston.
No.
Senator Jackson.
Aye.
Senator Carter.
No.
Senator Sanchez.
Senator Durston.
No.
The chair votes no.
The motion now occurs on the motion made by Senator Jackson and seconded by Senator Potter,
that we recess until 10 o'clock Monday morning next.
The chair will call the roll.
Senator McClellan.
No.
Senator Durston.
Aye.
Senator Jackson.
No.
Senator Potter.
Aye.
Senator Sanchez.
No.
Senator Durston.
The chair votes aye.
We stand in recess until 10 o'clock Monday morning.
Thank you, Dave.
You have just heard Chairman Munn announced that the next session of a hearing will be at 10
a.m. next Monday morning.
The ABC Television Network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army
and the United States.
There you see the members of the committee, their staff, so all of the impetus expectators
here.
Those interested in either one side or the other.
Now, come to their free attempting to move toward the great door here of the Congressroom
and the United States Office Building on Capitol Hill in Washington to leave these Congress
room until next Monday morning at 10 a.m. when the next public session of this hearing will
again resume.
According to the motion, just passed by the committee by a four to three votes.
There's Mr. Ray Jenkins, the committee counsel.
I'm very close with our way of being passed perhaps with Charles Maynard, the immediate
foreground, a member of Mr. Jenkins staff.
Senator Boryshock, the staff of the camera, by hair.
Just other reporters surrounding Senator McCarthy, Mr. Cone and Mr. Carth.
Got further details on this particular move, the next move to be made in this controversy
between Senator McCarthy and the Army.